Expand docs (#2213)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/where-to-find-what.html.md

- Uses content from GitHub and public APIs to generate documentation
- Contains content on architecture, common tasks and alerts

## Learning GOV.UK presentations

> [Learning GOVUK presentation folder][learning-govuk] (private)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Learning GOV.UK presentation folder][learning-govuk] (private)
```

> These presentations are repeated semi-regularly at the GOVUK Tech Fortnightly meetings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These presentations are repeated semi-regularly at the GOV.UK Tech Fortnightly meetings.
```
